# DriverPass
 Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design? The DriverPass project’s goal is to help student driving with passing their exams. The DriverPass school wanted a web-based application for their students and staff. DriverPass would like a system that allows scheduling, purchases, test, and resource hosting. • What did you do particularly well? I believe I did well with the system design document. The use case diagram turned out very well in particular. • If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? I would choose to revise the technical requirements section in the system design document. I personally rushed this section. If I had put the appropriate amount of time into this section, it would be longer and more in depth. • How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? I began by reading through the interview transcript and taking notes on what the owner of DriverPass envisions for his company’s website. I created a list for all of the simplified features that the finished product should have. With that list I put together a use case diagram to map out the different features and actors that will be using this website. It’s essential as any sort of contractor to understand and listen to the client’s needs. There is a lot of information that can be gathered from a face-to-face conversation. • How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system? I approach designing software analytically. I find it easiest to organize the different pieces and components into lists. Once I have a simple idea of how the program will be I can then start piecing it together with diagrams. In the future I would use Lucid Charts again for creating the diagrams.
